Lauren is going
to read a category
and you'll have to name
three things in five seconds
and then hit the buzzer.
All right, Lauren.
You'll like this one.
Name three curse words
you say the most.
[BLEEP, BLEEP, BLEEP]
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
Name three celebrities you'd
want to go on a road trip with.
Tiffany Haddish, and Portia
de Rossi, and Jennifer Lopez.
[DING]
[CHEERING]
That's a fun road
trip, by the way.
OK, name three things
you always forget.
[CLOCK TICKING]
My name, my address,
and my daughter's name.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
You don't forget your name--
I'm 70 years old.
I forget all kinda [BLEEP].
[LAUGHTER]
Cheater.
What are three different
names for your bottom?
Ass, rump, tuchus.
[LAUGHTER]
How could you forget booty?
I didn't have time.
You never say booty?
Three things.
OK, three things.
I've never said
tuchus in my life.
It's good though.
I liked it.
There's a first time for
everyone's first Yiddish word.
Name three things you
shouldn't hit with a golf club.
Car window, another
person, football.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, he made it.
He's still winning.
What are three ways of telling
someone you like their food
when you actually don't?
Boy, look at this stuff.
Who made this?
That's some kind of taste.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
Don't look around for
approval that's a yes.
That's some kind of taste.
All right, good luck.
Name three things
that are incredible.
Me, the movies, and life.
[DING]
There you go!
[CHEERING]
Do we keep going?
Name three things
you spend the most
time washing in the shower.
Oh, my face, my
booty, and my feet.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
[BELL RINGING]
It's a tie!
How do you wash your
feet in the shower?
You wash your feet like that in
the shower or do you bend over?
I have them on a stool.
Oh.
Incredibles 2 comes out
in theaters June 15.
Thanks to Fandango,
everybody in the audience
is getting tickets to
go see Incredibles 2!
[CHEERING]
Samuel L. Jackson!